{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg932\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\vieww12000\viewh13300\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 tessell is a sampling instrument. designed to work with complete songs instead of short samples. think of it as a virtual cassette tape player with standard functions such as play. stop. and loop.\
\
once a song is loaded, the app loops the first 1000ms (1 second) of the song. now it is up to you where to put that 1000ms loop length within the loaded song thus you get that jumping or "repatterning" audio effect. \
\
there are also a two built-in reverse effects;\
\
1second reverse function (<); 
\fs20 reverses your audio for 1 second, then plays back to normal \

\fs24 \
reverse all patterns function (<<); 
\fs20 reverses all the audio
\fs28 \

\fs24 \
please refer to the monome_diagram.jpg file for monome layout.\
\
\
----------------------------------------------\
\
\
\

\fs48 instructions:\

\fs28 \

\fs36 loading:
\fs28 \
\
1. connect your monome (ignore if you have no monome device)\
\
2. drag a file or a folder into the box (left hand corner) (the app only accepts WAV and AIFF)\
\
3. turn on the "mute" button (use the "out" button to set your desire audio output.)\
\
4. crank up the volume control (right beside the waveform) if volume is too low\
\
5. play \
\

\fs24 \

\fs48 ----------------------------------------------
\fs24 \
\
\

\fs36 the "MIDIcontrol":
\fs28 \
\
you have two (2) faders that generate random values (0 - 127) every time you press a different button in the monome (or when you scrub through the waveform using your mouse). \
\
you can use these to control any software that accepts midi messages. \
\
each fader has it's own channel (default channel is '1') and output. do not forgot to input your desired control number for each fader (default control number is '1')\
\
\

\fs24 \

\fs48 ----------------------------------------------\

\fs24 \

\fs36 \
mouse and keyboard controls:
\fs24 \
\
\

\fs28 waveform control             =             click anywhere in the waveform 
\fs24 \

\fs28 \ul                          \
\ulnone play/stop                          =              spacebar\
\
loop                                  =             q\
\
1 second reverse             =              w\
\
reverse all                        =              e
\fs24 \

\fs28 \
mute/on                           =               ]\
\
open output                     =              \\\

\fs24 \
\
\

\fs48 ----------------------------------------------\

\fs24 \
\
\
\

\fs48 enjoy!\

\fs24 \
\
\
2012 (c) sleepersecond\
}